console: add the ability to delete a role in permissions summary page (close #3353) (#4987)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

(Add entries here in the order of: server, console, cli, docs, others)

- console: allow manual edit of column types and handle array data types (close #2544, #3335, #2583) (#4546)

> - console: add ability to delete a role globally (close #3353) (#4987)

Reviewer: Could you specify where this is available?

> - console: add ability to delete a role globally (close #3353) (#4987)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- console: add the ability to delete a role in permissions summary page (close #3353) (#4987)
```

Add the ability to delete a role in permissions summary page.
